SL yaml spec latest (#8599)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## March 2026

> **New**: The new <Constant name="semantic_layer"/> YAML specification is now available on **Latest** in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. For an overview of the changes and steps how to migrate to the latest YAML spec, see [Migrate to the latest YAML spec](/docs/build/latest-metrics-spec).

Author: ```suggestion
**New**: The new <Constant name="semantic_layer"/> YAML specification is now available on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track. For an overview of the changes and steps how to migrate to the latest YAML spec, see [Migrate to the latest YAML spec](/docs/build/latest-metrics-spec).
```

> **New**: The new <Constant name="semantic_layer"/> YAML specification is now available on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track. For an overview of the changes and steps how to migrate to the latest YAML spec, see [Migrate to the latest YAML spec](/docs/build/latest-metrics-spec).

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: The new <Constant name="semantic_layer"/> YAML specification is now available on the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Latest** release track. For an overview of the changes and steps how to migrate to the latest YAML spec, see [Migrate to the latest YAML spec](/docs/build/latest-metrics-spec).
```
